[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So
the first thing we need to do,
is we need to actually create
an action type, an action and
we need to make sure the state and the
reducer's gonna handle it appropriately.
So let's go ahead and
we'll create an action type.
So all ready have one right
here called ADD_EXERCISE.
So we'll just use that one, you can use
whatever action you want I'm going just
gonna use ADD_EXERCISE, cuz that's what
we're doing, we're adding an exercise.
So I'll say ADD_EXERCISE that's gonna
be our type and then I'll go and
make sure we actually have an action for
it.
So right here we'll create an action for
that.
So I'll say export const I'll give
it the same name addExercise.
I spelled it right.
And that's just gonna take an exercise and
you know what it's going to do.
It's just going to return a new action,
so we'll say create action
of the types .ADD_EXERCISE and
the payload is going to be the exercise.
How many times am I gonna say that?
I sound like Michelle Obama, telling
everybody to exercise, there we go.
Cool, so there's our action creator.
This is gonna return this great action
that takes the type ADD_EXERCISE with
the exercise as the payload, sweet.
So now we need to hook this up.
Actually let's double check our reducers
and of make sure it's gonna handle that.
So let's check the current work out and,
actually I'm not even handling it.
I'm only handling ADD_EXERCISE_COMPLETE.
So let's just change this over
to ADD_EXERCISE right quick.
There we go, so
that's got to be ADD_EXERCISE.
And all we're doing is,
we're spending over the original state
with the new exercise at the end.
If you want you can pop it
to the front if you want,
if you want to put this
on top of the list.
It's totally up to you.
Let's put on the top so we can see it,
there we go.
>> Scott Moss: Any questions so
far about what we did?
So we have an action type ADD_EXERCISE.
We created an action for
that that dispatches an exercise and then
we made sure our current workout reducer
which is the state that we want to
add to has a case to handle that.
Follow me so far?
All right, so next thing we wanna do is
head over to our container that has all
this stuff hooked up,
which is the CurrentWorkout container.
The CurrentWorkout container is
the parent of the Exercise modals.
This is where we're going to
get the state and the actions.
So we head up to where we
are getting the state.
So mapStatesToProps, and
we already have exercises there.
So we're good to go.
currentWorkOut, I don't think
we need that right now, but
what we do need is to add a new
action here to the mapActionsToProps.
And we'll call this,
>> Speaker 2: [COUGH]
>> Scott Moss: Bless you, addExercise,
and it's gonna take in the exercise.
And what is it gonna do?
It's gonna return dispatch and
we need to bring in that
function which is called
addExercise from actions action.
It's going to dispatch that
function with the given exercise.
>> Scott Moss: All right, so
dispatch this function with the given
exercise which is just gonna
return an action.
With a type of ADD_EXERCISE with a payload
of the given exercise which is going
to run the reducer which is
going to update the state.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so we've got that.
We've got the exercises here and
we just need to add the action here.
So addExercise and we're just
gonna say this.ppops.addExercise.
There we go.
>> Scott Moss: So we pass that in,
everything's wired up from Redux all
the way to here, so all that's good.
All we do now is actually
called this method on a tab.
So we head over to the Workout or
the Exercise
modal which is where we
pass in addExercise to.
If we head over to the modal, we actually
abstracted out the actual ListView
through another component
called ExerciseList.
And here's a short cut.
What this means is I wanna take all
the props of this component and
pass it on to this component.
That way I don't have to like one for
one name them.
So just spread all the props here.
Whatever props this has,
I want this to have to.
That doesn't mean you have to use them,
doesn't mean you have them, right.
And so now because this has a property
called addExercise, so does this one.
So we head over to ExerciseList,
which is our ListView with our search
bar and all the stuff that we made.
This is the road that's gonna be
rendered for the exercises, and
let's just look at that right quick.
So if I say I, O still have that,
where is that at?
Where am I doing that?
>> Scott Moss: I'm
doing that in currentWorkout,
>> Scott Moss: Yeah I'm
doing that right there.
That's next lesson.
>> Scott Moss: Cool,
so if we click add some exercises.
>> Scott Moss: Is the debugger open?
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
Let's reload it right quick.
There we go.
Go away.
So now if we type if we say like
flat dumbbell bench or whatever.
This fuzzy search returns
all the exercises.
So these are the exercises.
This is the result of that
fuzzy search that I created.
So if we click on it,
what we want to be able to do is
have this add to our exercises.
And right now it's not doing anything,
we can't really click on anything.
Nothing's actually happening.
We can click this X and it'll close, but
we wanna be able to click on the exercise
and have it add to our list of exercises.
So what we need to do is in our
lists,
>> Scott Moss: Around
the View right here that's being rendered.
So again if I start typing,
again if I say like squat or
squat I know that's there,
maybe it's not there, whatever.
So each one of these is this
code right here, is this view.
So when I tap on this view,
I wanna be able to add exercise.
So what I'm gonna do is just wrap
this inside of TouchableOpacity.
There we go, we'll do that.
>> Scott Moss: So
wrap those in a TouchableOpacity.
Or actually let's do a touchable without
feedback which means it's like a button
but there's like no visual feedback on
it at all, because this is a list item.
So we'll do that instead.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
And then on press,
what method do I want to run onPress?
>> Scott Moss: Anybody know?
So what method is passed in-
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE],
createExercises or addExercise?
>> Scott Moss: addExercise, yeah.
So it's gonna be this.props.addExercise,
yep,
so.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
So we'll say this.props.addExercise which
is gonna add the exercise to it but
that's really not gonna be any help to us
because the modal's still gonna be up and
this is still gonna be there.
But it will add it the exercise but
we won't see any visual
clues of that happening.
So what we really want to do is
not onPpress is just do this.
We wanna abstract this out and
call a method that we have instead.
We'll call this.handle.
>> Scott Moss: handlePress.
So we'll call it handlePress which
needs access to the current exercise.
So it'll invoke an anonymous
function here which
gets access to the exercise
that we tapped on.
And we'll say handlePress.call(this).
And we'll pass in the exercise.
So now we need to make handlePress
>> Scott Moss: Which
is gonna get the exercise.
And then what we want to do
is now we'll call this.props
>> Scott Moss: .addExercise with the given
exercise and
then we'll also say this.props.closeModal.
So close the modal too.
So that's why we added this extra method
because we want to close the modal,
which is gonna bring us back to our
currentWorkout which we will then populate
with the currentWorkout.
So we'll save that.
We'll get rid of this person and
now we just need to make sure
our addExercises is gonna be
subscribing to that state.
So when we addExercise to
the currentWorkout it will
populate here right.
So we head back over to the ExerciseModal,
we have this.
Right no.
>> Scott Moss: Is it ExerciseList?
Yeah there we go.
So right here.
Actually no not this one.
What we want is the WorkoutList,
there we go.
So the WorkoutList is actually just gonna
be if we go look in currentWorkout is what
we made whenever we made the workout
list and we're going to get to it.
So this is the WorkoutList.
It's this right here.
It's the add some exercises,
just with a plus.
And it has a SetModalVisibility
with the current workout.
We added that on the last walkthrough.
But this is actually what
it really looks like.
It itself is just a ListView.
It's just a list for you that is gonna
iterate over the currentWorkout array.
And then it has a footer, which is this.
This is the footer right here, so
this is always on the list for you.
Regardless if there's anything in
the list or not, this adds some
exercise with a plus will always be there,
because I rendered it as a static foot.
So it'll always be there.
But if we do have workouts it'll render
them with this View right here renderRow.
So styles.workoutText, exercise.name.
So now I'm gonna add our exercise, we
should actually see it pop up right here.
So if I say bench I click that,
looks like it added something there we go.
But it didn't actually add in the name.
Let's try that again,
let's see what's happening.
So let's add in another one, lunges, cool.
So it's adding something.
It looks like I just got
the properties mixed up.
So let's do the debugger right quick.
Any questions so far?
This code right here we didn't talk about.
Because I wanna get to async and
we're getting close on time and
it's literally the same thing as the
ExerciseList just with different styles.
So it's not a new concept but anything
about like the actions and Redux and
stuff cuz now we're about
to convert it to async.
And it's just an extra
step on top of this.
>> Scott Moss: It's crazy how much
I use a debugger in React Native but
never in web.
Maybe now I'll use it in web,
no I'm still not
gonna use it.
>> Scott Moss: All right.
So let's go into our reducers which is if
that fires you know everything is good.
So currentWorkout should
get updated rate here.
So let's check it out.
So if we look,
now we just hit a breakpoint right here.
We should see currentWorkout get updated,
so.
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
paused, if you go look, yup.
There it is.
So the payload is something different.
That's why it's freaking out.
It's not, I don't even know what that is,
what is that?
What, I have no idea what that is?
All right, so what we wanna do instead,
I think I know why, I know why.
>> Speaker 3: Are you not
passing in your action?
>> Scott Moss: I think I actually passed
in an event on the tab.
That's what I did,
that looked like an event.
So if you go back to
the ExerciseList down here,
this right here I grabbed the wrong thing.
I put exercise.
That's the event from this press.
That's what that was.
I want this exercise from the renderRow.
So now it'll work.
That's why it was freaking out.
So let's just refresh this.
>> Scott Moss: Okay and
take off those there we go.
So now if you do this.
>> Scott Moss: There we go lunges.
>> Scott Moss: And flat barbell bench.
So there are exercise that we added and
this is always gonna be on the footer.
So now what we're gonna do is we're
gonna convert this over to async.
But I'm gonna show you how
to do this in the Todo app
because I'll show you here then it will
be done and there's no fun in that.
So let's do this in the Todo app.
Any questions on this?
No, all right let me
push this up real quick.
Man, so let me put this in on my pocket.
There we go, so
git add- b we'll call
this list-view.
>> Scott Moss: solution.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, okay, so
now we're gonna do some async stuff.